10/30/2017
Meeting with Ogden City
Current registration site: https://parksandrecreation.ogdencity.com/ParksRec_Prod/Home#

What info you want to store. What it will look like. How you want information accessed.

Ogden City - 
"We have sport registrations every year for all ages. We want a tracking system for these kids.
We want to be able to import the data from the current system, and export the results to a readable file.
We want to be able to search for a certain sport. We want a login verification for Ogden City employees and coaches(on a volunteer bases and get add notes and ranking to a kid).
For the View of the system, we don't mind if it looks like what we already have or something new.
Our current problem is that we are between systems right now.
On open, we want to be able to filter by different sports and Individual properties.(image of this is in App_Data folder).
Example: Johnny registered in 2016, but now Johnny isn't registered in 2017. This system allows us to know who's missing so
we can contact those people to see if they're going to register for 2017."

Current system is a third-party system that holds everyone that is registered, and when they registered.	

Specifics that this system needs:
Want to be able to rank the kids within the new system. -- Skill rank! (1-5)
Notes - Explanation of what happened to the kid.
Active or Inactive status to tell whether a student is currently registered for the year or not.

Side Comments:
If a kid wasn't there before, but is there now. If a kid was there before but not there now.

*Needs:
Access to the current system data. Direct access would be optimal.
Desktop and Mobile friendly.

Levels of Access:
Admin(employees with editing and viewing access), sets active, sets ranks, sets notes.
Clerk(employees with viewing access).
Volunteer Coaches(coaches with viewing their current team and the ability to add content to a player), addes notes? and sets ranks for their team.
School Coaches(viewing students?)

Database ideas:
Status-id, cid, kid, rank, active, note
Kids-linked from the external database

Developer Notes:
Individuals jQuery OnInsert
Sports

Search School, Name, Year
Repository class for the dummy data
Sports, School, Grade, Name, Age